This is it. We've got our green production version humming,
smoke tests have passed,
confidence is high, it's time to make the switch.
Let's think about what this job needs.
I'm pretty sure it has the usual suspects,
a docker image and some steps.
But there's something more that we need to pay attention to.
This is actually a common problem that we have to solve from time to time.
Remember, the jobs are all isolated and they're not aware of each other.
We want the infrastructure as code to make the switch.
But to do that, we have to have a way to communicate with
our router and reference the new green version.
The way I typically do this is by tagging or naming
the green infrastructure with some ID that is unique to the pipeline,
but that the isolated jobs can all access.
In the case of CircleCI,
we have the CIRCLE_WORKFLOW_ ID environment variable.
But we have to do this much earlier in the process
when we create the infrastructure in the first place.
That way we can use cloud formation to tell
the router to direct to our traffic to the new version,
whose name includes CIRCLE_WORKFLOW_ ID.